COMMAND SCRIPTS

localize - what does it mean to run the localize command on the
command line? Well, it means that there is a handle that has
been serialized to disk or represented in a string. I prefer
the serialized to disk form, which we'll use json as the
serialization format. The reason being we can represent the JSON
as a string, and it will fit nicely into the typed object designs
elsewhere in the system.

To serialize to disk is simply converting the data structure
to json and writing it to disk.

In the case of the localize method, the localize method modifies
the handle that is passed in. It is a direct modification of the
data structure, not a copy of the data structure. So we'll 
modify the handle file in place, not create a new handle file.


new_handle -


upload - what does it mean to run the upload command on the 
command line? Well, it means that you have a file, you upload
it, and you get a handle back. The handle will be serialized
to disk, and will be named the same as the uploadef filename
with a kbhs suffix.

download - to download means that you have provided a handle
in the form of a file name, the handle is deserialized from
disk, and is used to download the file. The downloaded file
is named by the provided outfile string. As long as the string
maps to a valid directory with valid permissions, the path
can be included in the outfile string.

Design variant. I considered naming the output file with the
same name as the handle, minus the .kbhs suffix. However,
it is not clear that all handle files will have the .kbhs
suffix. Still, we could come back to this and require that
all handle files be named with the .kbhs suffix.

TODO: Consider design impact of adding namespace on the suffx.


Standard command line syntax:

upload             --input  data_file   --output handle 
download           --handle handle      --output data_file

upload_metadata    --handle handle      --input  metadata_file
download_metadata  --handle handle      --output metadata_file

list_handles



